well where are my crystal shards I don't
even know what that song is Farah works
work underwater fireworks work whoever
came up with the term fireworks I mean
seriously what is that fireworks who
came up with that no I hate Gordo's hate
those little propeller things and
they're totally ridiculously evil in
kirby's dream land two if you don't know
what I'm talking about play the game
like have an animal buddy and look at
those things they go psycho and they try
to like Ferb lack of term for my better
judgment there are some words that must
not be said is that also a crystal shot
yes it is also a crystal show I am
jumping over your boulders of doom I
love this power it's actually pretty
useful and the fact that you can get the
firework is bigger all the time it's
pretty nice okay you need a death
warranty which I'll Lexus I'll let I'll
let it slide I'll just kill like every
single one of your clan or something yay
sliding oh I know this power is actually
pretty useful and darn it I want broom
ability or clean Kirby's it clean care
of your broom Kirby yes
don't they ever get tired of eating the
same food over and over again oh no this
is cloud level but that's awesome remix
music family bond up it up up up about
the bow but up about the bow you know
Kirby gets launched in the sky maybe
he'll meet pit pause not I heard there's
gonna be a new game for a kid icarus but
I think it's for like the wii i just
hope it's not mad hard like his nintendo
one was i could never beat that game
without cheats especially the Grim
Reaper the Grim Reaper was annoying
because it took the feet of the tix like
50 hits even with like your basketball
he takes like 50 hits there should be a
crystal shard down here or something I
just on the other side yep
pound pound pound lovely music I love
this music I had the feeling I'm gonna
need a no Oh what do we do have down
here who it is nice but I don't really
need it
well let's move on for the box i think
oh wait a bit what's no never mind there
is a boss in this level I just don't
remember what it is oh wait a minute
there's a crystal shard in this area all
I need to do is not go up think it's in
the left top left alright that's all we
really need let's get out of here
nothing at that go back down then a fkin
after that though oh wait a minute they
are er scar fees are evil special when
you try to inhale them they turn psycho
but not as cycle as those propeller
things that I was mentioning earlier
those things go berserk they try to
again for what for lack of better words
I'm just going to leave it at that just
fill in the blank
I mean seriously they're mad dangerous
mm-hmm and I missing something no that's
just a little star over there yeah it's
level goes on
yay fireworks the most useful invention
in man time and this is really helping
in this little area I don't even have to
press the jump button but now I do ow
you pray
oh no oh I hate those things I really
hate those things oh I see what you did
there you monster all right let's time
for but it's time for boss electric
oh I know what I need darn it I don't
have that electric spike all right time
to go get us an electric spike you know
no I'll do you know what I'm going to
get all the crystal shards later but
that's probably a bad idea because I'll
probably forget everything yeah I will
forget everything that was a total waste
of time may not just splice scenes yeah
that's a good idea we're not exactly in
the same spot but whatever basically it
then there is love electric spark
Thunder whatever they call it these days
there is it in this room and there's
spike in this level as well so you don't
really have to like oh no all right not
just to be patient and not die and oh no
great oh maybe they're going to be
oh god I hate this level now forget this